Ambush is an offensive military tactic, and it is utilized by employing a surprise assault from a concealed location
 on a stationary or moving target. This can vary in magnitude as a single individual or an entire squadron can carry
 it out. The primary focus is on crippling the enemy’s forces, so an ambush may not conquer enemy ground.
###
Encirclement/Envelopment is a military tactic in which several enveloping forces constrict around the flank(s)
 of the enemy, attacking at multiple angles and preventing retreat, while a fixed force draws enemy hostility from
 the front and fixes them in place for the enveloping forces to attack optimally with minimal enemy pressure.
 Successful implementation of this tactic reduces casualties of the attacking force while inflicting damage to
 enemy morale.
###
Defeat-in-detail is a military tactic that consists of bringing a bulk of units that deliver a concentrated attack
 towards small subunits of the enemy’s force in sequence rather than the whole army all at once. This tactic is
 better known as divide and conquer.
###
Defense In Depth (also known as Elastic Defense) is a strategy where defensive forces are deployed
 across multiple layers. Rather than seeking to stop the enemy outright, like with a traditional frontline,
 defenders seek to delay and spread-out attackers to break the attack’s momentum and provide time for
 reinforcements. Though the enemy gains ground, it’s at the cost of additional casualties and weakening
 their position.
###
Infiltration is a category of tactics which involves a small, mobile group of soldiers who bypass the
 enemy’s front line. Their high degree of independence allows them to exploit the enemy’s weak points,
 potentially opening up their strongholds for capture from frontline forces.
###
In a feigned retreat, your army will pretend to withdraw to lure the enemy into a vulnerable position,
 often an ambush. This tactic requires disciplined troops to prevent the retreat from becoming genuine.
###
